Rename RewardAccount to AccountAddress (#5528)
input-output-hk/cardano-ledger: eras/shelley/impl/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.18.0.0

> * Re-export `AccountAddress`, `AccountId`, and pattern synonym `RewardAccount` from `Cardano.Ledger.Address`

Reviewer: This is probably just an oversight, but in a changelog entry it is more useful to mention where the re-export happens from, rather where the original types are defined.
```suggestion
* Re-export `AccountAddress`, `AccountId`, and pattern synonym `RewardAccount` from `Cardano.Ledger.Shelley.API.Types`
```
This is not terribly important and I didn't want to block this PR because of this, so instead I just fixed this in my other PR.

Author: Thank a ton Alexey! :slightly_smiling_face:
